hey what's going on guys it's getting
hearing what's all but I already ran
into a damn death trap in this freaking
camp anyway guys i'm using the jacome
with the target finder and a wrap bead
fire on this bad boy out here and let's
see i got to bouncing Betties which is a
pretty overkill but that's fine and i
got a pokeball a detecting pokeball
which has really been kind of letting me
down here recently not really fine it
much for me oh I think you just got wait
what is this an orange arrow gotten
things up here me and shot it die you
bastard yes no I thought I was gonna win
the fight to bouncing Betties the more
the merrier just toss them all out there
who cares you know you just gotta you
gotta throw where you can't oh baby you
should I up down up down that's pro
right there that's tactics you learn it
whenever you're scared whenever you're
scared for your life you learn how to oh
I heard both my bouncing Betties go off
i think let's tell somebody else's it
could have been somebody else's anyway
guys if i do sound a little bit
different or if i sound weird you're
like what the hell happened to your
voice it is because i have a new headset
i am using the Siberia v2 s now instead
of the cycle carbons in which i used to
have what this game makes no sense I
can't believe that man are you kidding
me it just gets worse and worse just tag
everybody screw it
hip crowd Moore's what what the fuck a
guy go these guys are like freaking
Houdini er since the man is freaking
sneak around the whole map you can't
find them and then when you do find them
there they go on they go home baby they
add to the map they said I'm done with
this crap and they left well then I go
pick your freaking face ah ah damn it
porn fleas it's actually a pretty clever
name I like it it's a funny name you got
their big by alright so well that's uh
that's kind of try to get around him
here SI weyn give him the old Frank
sauce which is not gonna happen because
he's got a MSM saying I got the stupid
freaking gun I hate Eli I hate you for
requesting this thing I think your
name's Eli I don't know I don't remember
what's going on now I know I'm stunned
by the stupid riot shield kap-40 fag are
you kidding me get real kid freaking guy
using that stupid gun sit down sucker
that's what you get for being a little
dingleberry
yeah baby now we're picking up all the
kills going ham Tohru on these mother
suckers let me know in the comments
below what you guys think of the mic I
think it's that kind of it's more of a
crisp sound instead of a dish overall
like Mike you know what I don't know if
you guys know I'm talking about it's got
more of the crispness the Christmas the
Christmas the Christmas the Christmas
touch to it you know I'm saying Oh
destroyed my equipment I don't think
that's very nice sir you should probably
apologize and give it back oh there you
are knew you'd be around here somewhere
bouncing betty saved my life all day
baby yeah baby sent him down oh shoot
fly head wake Oh what I like one bullet
in his ankle I like it give me more oh
no no all right i hope that guy kills
you sucker for being up there no one
likes you you're freaking adopted you
might not be adopted i'm not even sure
does that porn flakes oh I was born
flakes we shut them down here art
centers capture your target we're gonna
eliminate them hey I got one kill Oh to
kill where do you go don't you run from
me I know you up here I know you're up
there I heard you I have to admit I
think I can hear a little bit better
like where people are with this although
it's my other headset was like more
crisp this has more of a kind of a open
sound to it basically the mic is chris
from this one but the sounds not as
crisp as my other headset so it's a
little bit different it's it's a little
bit hard to get used to this is like my
oh my god tried to kiss me what a freak
Oh what the heck is this Avatara but
nice a butt cheek anyway like I was
saying I just I've only played a couple
games let's head so I'm just trying to
get used to it i'm sure as i get like as
i use it more as i get more familiar
with it it'll it'll just it'll feel fine
and everything will be just perfect you
know just amazing i think i'm like on a
kill streak or something i remember
dying have I died recently ah oh my oo
thought I'm gonna speak to you soon i
friggin guys scared the crap out of me
come on sensory grenade oh fudge man
since we're gonna you suck why couldn't
you tell me there's a person a mile away
why do you got to be right on top one
for me two for me to know oh the fudge
frisbee frisbee gone wrong everybody's
having a party back here or something
it's the party warehouse
oh my gosh freakin people are always
trying to kiss me start it as soon as I
turn around man i think i have like bad
luck or something you know I'm Irish or
part Irish so I figured I'd have good
luck but I don't darn it I should aim
din although when I aim it scares me cuz
always saying what a miss yeah baby I
lied this guns kind of jump you with
this amon and that's why i don't like to
do it but that's fine nothing i can't
get used to I suppose yeah baby i wish
you could just hold it down like it'd be
so much easier I guess you can't with
select fire but that's not what was
requested so I can't do that I have zero
headshots I didn't know what kept track
of headshots why the heck does it keep
track of headshots oh the guy died
there's a guy coming I thought I heard
him yeah I hear ya baby oh no no no damn
it yes does he Betty saving lives baby
that's what I'm talking about hey
where's this guy guy there's too many
people take a stamp sucka such a get on
up come on jump down dear oh yeah oh god
no yes just trying to stay alive I see
this guy AFK please no one take my kill
wait wait what where do you go oh my god
the freaking ghost call duty ghosts
already here Oh what the fudge ran that
guy did disappeared he he was out of
there in a heartbeat he's like I'm I'm
gone sucker I can't get the kilt I
here's a guy here where'd he go oh my
god everybody just kind of killed
herself i think i'm not really sure
where everybody went what the fudge yeah
baby hide-and-seek champion 2k13
oh maybe one more oh I'm on my blood
thirsty I want how I did till I skill go
ahead wake yes that week it's all you
baby get that last kill come on yes that
weekend the last kill on the power
freaking amazing to it love headway if
you guys don't use head away get in the
game what are you waiting on Hedwig is
the way to go look at this guy freaking
is flying around delivering packages
delivering the hurt oh my god did he
blow up the van too oh I didn't but I
thought he was going to anyway guys I
hope you enjoyed the jacome Twitter
class rapid-fire extravaganza it's crazy
Thank You Eli for requesting this class
if you guys enjoyed the video don't
forget to leave a like and if you are
new to the channel don't forget to
subscribe thank you guys for watching I
hope you enjoyed I'll see you guys next
episode goodbye